README.md, before:

# Daily fire tally visualization app

## Structure

 * `application.py` contains the main app loop code.
 * `gui.py` has most user interface elements.
 * `luts.py` has shared code & lookup tables and other configuration.
 * `assets/` has images and CSS (uses [Bulma](https://bulma.io))

## Local development

After cloning this template, run it this way:

```
pipenv install
export FLASK_APP=application.py
export FLASK_DEBUG=True
export EAPI_API_URL=http://localhost:3000
pipenv run flask run
```

The project is run through Flask and will be available at [http://localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000).

Env vars which must be set:

 * `EAPI_API_URL` - URL for API.

## Deploying to AWS Elastic Beanstalk:

Apps run via WSGI containers on AWS.

Before deploying, make sure and run `pipenv run pip freeze > requirements.txt` to lock current versions of everything.

```
eb init
eb deploy
```

The following env vars must be set:

 * `REQUESTS_PATHNAME_PREFIX` - URL fragment so requests are properly routed.
 * `GTAG_ID` - Google Tag Manager ID

For local development, set `FLASK_DEBUG` to `True`.  This will use a local file for source data and enable other debugging tools.

Commit message:

Launch tweaks (#5)
* Add comments re: non-exposed GUI elements & format dates for processing properly.

* Clean-up unused data files.

* Added gitignore lines for PyCharm IDE.

* Modified requests_pathname_prefix to use generated path_prefix from gui.py.

* Python Black update of scripts.

* Added callbacks for keeping the date synchronized with the actual month.

* Force maximum date of analog calendar to be correct month for available data. New data doesn't arrive until the 10th of each month. This also sets analog date range to a default of exactly 2 months.

* This fixes #2 and #4

* Mistakenly commented out EAPI_API_URL enviornment variable.

* Code clean-up for redundant code.

* Added preview image.

* Modified date range to allow for proper date to be passed to EAPI API & prevents picking dates on calendar that don't have data.

* Clarifying text for 0-360 E for longitude.

* Update to README to include domain name of new VM for EAPI-API service.

* Got rid of comment that is no longer true of the line following.

* Modified text for clarity in drop-down menu per request by Heather.

* Modified footer and header of app. Still needs correct text in footer before launch.

* Modified full text for forecast themes to be consistent.

* Update application text

* Remove stray `the`

* Remove stray fragment from explainer text

* Move strong tag to where strong tag belongs

* Fix the fix for the strong tag!

* Update template & add pressure height/temp to GUI

* Add missing image file

Co-authored-by: Bruce Crevensten <bruce.crevensten@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Analog Forecast GUI App

## Structure

 * `application.py` contains the main app loop code.
 * `gui.py` has most user interface elements.
 * `luts.py` has shared code & lookup tables and other configuration.
 * `assets/` has images and CSS (uses [Bulma](https://bulma.io))

## Local development

After cloning this template, run it this way:

```
pipenv install
export FLASK_APP=application.py
export FLASK_DEBUG=True
export EAPI_API_URL=http://phoebe.snap.uaf.edu:3000
pipenv run flask run
```

The project is run through Flask and will be available at [http://localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000).

Env vars which must be set:

 * `EAPI_API_URL` - URL for API. 
 
 Production instance of EAPI API is running at: http://phoebe.snap.uaf.edu:3000

## Deploying to AWS Elastic Beanstalk:

Apps run via WSGI containers on AWS.

Before deploying, make sure and run `pipenv run pip freeze > requirements.txt` to lock current versions of everything.

```
eb init
eb deploy
```

The following env vars must be set:

 * `REQUESTS_PATHNAME_PREFIX` - URL fragment so requests are properly routed.
 * `GTAG_ID` - Google Tag Manager ID

For local development, set `FLASK_DEBUG` to `True`.  This will use a local file for source data and enable other debugging tools.
